personal-bio-site-1.md, before:

# Personal Bio Site

## Requirements

Create a two page site for your own personal branding. As we continue through the front-end milestones, we will add more features to this site, and it will eventually evolve into your personal portfolio site to share with employers. For now, focus on the structure of your HTML. (You may style to your heart's content but know that you can always update it later). 

### Pages

#### Professional history page

Basically an HTML version of your resume.

1. Each place you've worked must be contained in an article element.
1. Each article element should have a header that contains the name of the company and the dates of your employment. 
1. Each article should contain at least one section that describes your position there.
1. No footer required for these articles.

#### Contact information page

1. One article.
1. A heading (e.g. "How to contact me").
1. Four sections that contain an email address, GitHub link and two social media URLs. (Bonus points if you use images to link to each of these). 

### Common page elements

#### Navigation

Create a navigation bar on each page that contains a link to both pages. You can use whatever elements you like for the navigation, but it must be contained in the appropriate HTML5 semantic element.

#### Page header

Each page should have an `<h1>` title contained in the appropriate HTML5 semantic tag.

#### Page footer

Each page should have the same footer information. Put whatever information you like in the footer.

Commit message:

Update setup instructions for personal site

personal-bio-site-1.md, after:

# Personal Bio Site

## Setup

Setting up your project the correct way will enable you to have a hosted website. 

##### Create a GitHub repository with the name 'YOUR-GITHUB-USERNAME.github.io' (make sure to replace 'YOUR-GITHUB-USERNAME' with your ACTUAL username - ditto for the following steps). 

```bash
cd ~/workspace
mkdir -p personal-bio-site && cd $_
git clone https://github.com/YOUR-GITHUB-USERNAME/YOUR-GITHUB-USERNAME.github.io
cd YOUR-GITHUB-USERNAME.github.io
```

For more information on GitHub Pages [visit here](https://pages.github.com/). 

## Requirements

Create a two page site for your own personal branding. As we continue through the front-end milestones, we will add more features to this site, and it will eventually evolve into your personal portfolio site to share with employers. For now, focus on the structure of your HTML. (You may style to your heart's content but know that you can always update it later). 

### Pages

#### Professional history page

Basically an HTML version of your resume.

1. Each place you've worked must be contained in an article element.
1. Each article element should have a header that contains the name of the company and the dates of your employment. 
1. Each article should contain at least one section that describes your position there.
1. No footer required for these articles.

#### Contact information page

1. One article.
1. A heading (e.g. "How to contact me").
1. Four sections that contain an email address, GitHub link and two social media URLs. (Bonus points if you use images to link to each of these). 

### Common page elements

#### Navigation

Create a navigation bar on each page that contains a link to both pages. You can use whatever elements you like for the navigation, but it must be contained in the appropriate HTML5 semantic element.

#### Page header

Each page should have an `<h1>` title contained in the appropriate HTML5 semantic tag.

#### Page footer

Each page should have the same footer information. Put whatever information you like in the footer.
